[feat] add an `ssr` parameter to `resolve` for better skipping of SSR (#2804)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/spicy-moose-relate.md

---
'@sveltejs/kit': patch
---

> Adds additional parameters to `resolve` and a parameter named `allowSSR` that lets users choose wether pages should be loaded on the server.

Reviewer: Could say this a bit more concisely. Also, there's a typo
```suggestion
Adds a parameter named `allowSSR` to `resolve` that lets users choose whether pages should be loaded on the server.
```
